# <p align="center">FinancePartner</p>
# <p align="center">Overview</p>
### The Bank provides following services:
#### A customer can have either of the following type of accounts:
Savings Account – Generally used for temporary savings. Maximum 10 withdrawals
are allowed per month. No minimum balance is needed to open or
maintain this account.<br>
Current Account – Generally used by corporates and business men.No limit on no. of withdrawals. A
customer needs to have a minimum 5K to open or maintain this account.
#### A customer can do following transactions:
Deposit and withdraw money in his account/s<br>
Transfer money to other accounts<br>
Print his account statement for given range of dates
#### Bank wants to maintain the history of closed accounts i.e. which accounts have been closed on which dates. 
Bank admin can see this history
#### Every customer has a customer-id and password to access his account.
When a new customer registers himself with the bank, a customer-id is
auto generated by the bank and given to him.<br>
Passwords need to be set by the customer. It should be a minimum of 8
characters and can be any combination of numeric and alphabets.
#### Bank keeps following information of all customers to send regular updates
First and Last Name of customer<br>
Address has the following fields - Address Line 1, Line 2, City, State,
Pincode. <br>
Account no./s – Account no. is auto-generated by the bank on opening of a
new account and is the same as customer id. <br>
Transactions (withdrawals & deposits) done by the customers on
respective accounts
